The Beast of Boredom
The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Beast of Boredom
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The Beast of Boredom


Author: Richard Rein Smith

Release date: October 12, 2023 [eBook #71857]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Royal Publications, Inc, 1958

Credits: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE BEAST OF BOREDOM ***




                         THE BEAST of BOREDOM

                    _wasn't a weapon or a bribe, as
                      he thought. But it was the
                   most ingenious trap of all time!_

                          By RICHARD R. SMITH

                     Illustrated by RICHARD KLUGA

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
                         Infinity April 1958.
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


The shack at the edge of the dead canal was so carefully camouflaged,
he almost passed by it. Hoping he hadn't been seen, he dropped to his
stomach and crawled through the mud toward the door.

It wasn't a long distance, but inching his way on his elbows and knees,
and with his face close to the evil-smelling mud, it seemed like a
mile. As he crawled, he reflected bitterly that most of mankind's
really great achievements always ended in war. Columbus had crossed
the Atlantic Ocean and it had ended in war with the Indians. Mankind
had invented atomic energy and then used it to kill millions. Their
latest achievement was the marvel of spaceflight and where had that
ended? It had also ended in war....

Personally, he didn't believe they were justified in fighting the
Martians. If they didn't want anyone intruding on their planet, what
